Andrei Bratkovski
11/15/17
0x0 - Universal Implications

	If I had to center a data structure around the universe, it would be some form of an ever expanding tree.
I believe this is a great question because abstract data types are essentially us as humans trying to form a
structure in our own way ( through code or other means ) in order to organize the natural way that our 
universe works.  We then relate those structures to common day occurences in order to explain them.  Example would
be to say that a stack of plates is a stack, a tree has leaves, those sort of things.  I could go into how a universe
is one node pointing at itself, creating a cyclic universe, but that is more along the lines of Hindu/cyclic explanations
which would be outside of the realm of how I would like to explain my universal data structure.

	Even though I could go into detail about specific types of trees, I believe that a universe explanation in my reckoning
would not require that I try to overcomplicate its structure.  If we go by the theory that the universe was created in a 
big bang, then I would set the root node as the first atom, or first galaxy, whichever makes the most sense to the reader.  That
one node ( atom, what have you ), would then gradually branch out in to several nodes.  I asked Matt what he would call this an he said a 
starburst.  I would go with either that or a supernova, but essentially each node would have the amount of nodes that approach infinity.  Thus, the
tree would have no limit and would be inifinitely expanding like our universe.

	Whenever the universe experiences complications, supernovas, or destruction, if the nodes were stars, for examples, they would burst into several pieces.
Thus, the nodes need to be broken into their smaller pieces.  If I were to demonstrate this numerically, If a node had a value of 10 ( 10 being the size of a star), and it had reached its maximum age, it would burst.  I would have this node separate into thousands of smaller sized nodes, all being connected to the same
parent as the star node it had exploded from.  This is because even though a star exploding causes a change in the universe, it would essentially be in the
same area as the explosion, and made up of the same matter as the star, just in smaller quantities.

Smaller nodes could also combine and create larger nodes ( the forming of a star or larger celestial body ).  This would createa  node which is the sum of
all parts.  this new node would then point to all of its smaller parts children.

In a way, having a new, large celestial body ( the node a size of 10 ) pointing to all the smaller parts children, is like having a galaxy or solar system.  If our sun was a node the size of 10, then all of its children would be the planets in the solar system.  These are connections which would hold the solarsystem together.
